# rho_thinc
*CAUTION* This code is not in working condition, the FAST library that the code calls to help with solver operations are not mine to distribute. However this code can be used for an example of my code development skills.  

This code is a multiphase shocktube code that can handle both compressible and incompressible fluids as well as super and sub sonic velocity flows. The code uses an adapted version of the HLLC Riemann Solver to caputre the shock interface which includes an aditional surface tension term used to complete the energy and momentum equations in the 5 equation model. To reconstruct the interface and retain the fluid immiscibility condition in the volume fraction and phasic densities in the context of the 5 equation model the, Density - Tangent Hyperbola for Interface Capturing (rho-THINC) method, developed by Garrick et al. [1] is used. To discritize the final 5 equation model the code uses a TVD Runge-Kutta Scheme developed by Garrick et al. [2] and extended to account for the molecular viscocity using an approach developed by Coralic and Colonius [3]. The indicies_and_ics.f90 file is used to set the boundry conditions as well as various other initial conditions for the code. Main.f90 is the master code while all the other files under the 'src' folder are functions used to solve the algorithm. 

Bellow are the references for the numerical methods detailed above.
[1] Daniel P. Garrick, Wyatt A. Hagen, Jonathan D. Regele, An interface capturing scheme for modeling atomization incompressible flows, Journal of Computational Physics, Volume 344, 2017, Pages 260-280.
[2] Daniel P. Garrick, Mark Owkes, Jonathan D. Regele, A finite-volume HLLC-based scheme for compressible interfacial flows with surface tension, Journal of Computational Physics, Volume 339, 2017, Pages 46-67.
[3] Vedran Coralic, Tim Colonius, Finite-volume WENO scheme for viscous compressible multicomponent flows, Journal of Computational Physics, Volume 274, 2014, Pages 95-121.
